README.md, before:

# The Code Mentors Network
A public network of mentor and mentee accounts. Let's learn from each other. The Code Mentors Network was started by [Calvin Koepke](https://twitter.com/cjkoepke) as a way to propagate a mentorship mentality. The rules of the network are a unique blend of turnover, commitment, and accountability.

**I'm currently open for a [mentor](#become-a-mentor).**

**I am currently mentoring [Timothy Jensen](https://github.com/timothyjensen).**

## Table of Contents:
- [Why](#why)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
- [Rules](#rules)
- [Become a Mentee](#become-a-mentee)
- [Become a Mentor](#become-a-mentor)
- [Network List](https://github.com/cjkoepke/code-mentors/#network-list)

### Why
One of the the main things I've noticed in the development industry is a massive desire for mentorship. And yet, somewhat tragically, there is a tremendous lack of mentors available. Generally, this is because mentorship takes time and effort, and for most people, paying a mentor is a luxery they can't afford.

So I started this network to solve this in a couple ways:

- Standardized Rules of Engagment
- An emphases on two-point involvement, namely: being mentored **and** mentoring.
- A short time period to promote continued growth and relationship building.

While this doesn't solve the issue of getting paid to mentor someone, I am hoping that the small chunks of commitment and agreed-to time frames will allow for an easier adoption of the process.

Bottom line: **we all wish we had mentors when we started. So let's change that for others**.

### Contribute
If you think this system could work better and more elegantly, feel free to [submit a PR](https://github.com/cjkoepke/mentorship-network/pulls) to suggest updates to this doc (rules, how to join, etc). This is an experiment so I'm always open to improvements.

### Rules
The rules of the network are simple and straight-forward:

- Mentorships last 4 months, **no more, no less**.
- You must have a GitHub profile with publicly viewable code.
- The conditions of the mentorship are setup privately between the mentor and mentee (no format required).
- The mentor has complete say in who they mentor, and is not required to accept mentorship submissions.
- While not enforcable, a mentee should (if they haven't already) [fork this repo](#become-a-mentor) and become a mentor at some point in the process — whether that be during their mentorship or after. The point is to progagate the network and build a pool of available mentors.

### Become a Mentee
Becoming a mentee requires first that you agree to the [rules](#rules), and then:

- See the [list of mentors](https://github.com/cjkoepke/code-mentors/#network-list) in the network.
- If one of the mentors stands out and is listed as *open*, click the link.
- Once at the repo, submit an issue suggesting why you would appreciate their time as a mentor (**don't** make this a bragging session. You are simply letting this person know that you'd love to have them as a mentor. It is up to them to determine if you'd be a good mentee).

### Become a Mentor
Becoming a mentor requires first that you agree to the [rules](#rules), and then:

- Fork this repository.
- Edit the main README.md file and update (if necessary) your current [mentor](#current-mentor) and [mentee](#current-mentee) sections at the top.
- Add the link of your forked repo to the bottom list (please include whether you are open or not, i.e. *Calvin Koepke (Open)*).
- [Submit a PR](https://github.com/cjkoepke/code-mentors/pulls) to the main repository so the List is updated.
- [Check out the master mentee list](https://github.com/cjkoepke/code-mentors/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Needs+Mentor%22) and begin mentoring!

## Network List
- [Calvin Koepke (Closed)](https://github.com/cjkoepke/code-mentors/)
- [Tim Jensen (Closed)](https://github.com/timothyjensen/code-mentors)

Commit message:

Update the network to be more mentor-based. Flip the script

README.md, after:

# The Code Mentors Network
A public network of mentor and mentee accounts. Let's learn from each other. The Code Mentors Network was started by [Calvin Koepke](https://twitter.com/cjkoepke) as a way to propagate a mentorship mentality. The rules of the network are a unique blend of turnover, commitment, and accountability.

**See the master list of available mentors/mentees[mentor](https://github.com/cjkoepke/code-mentors/issues).**

## Table of Contents:
- [Why](#why)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
- [Rules](#rules)
- [Become a Mentee](#become-a-mentee)
- [Become a Mentor](#become-a-mentor)
- [Network List](https://github.com/cjkoepke/code-mentors/#network-list)

### Why
One of the the main things I've noticed in the development industry is a massive desire for mentorship. And yet, somewhat tragically, there is a tremendous lack of mentors available. Generally, this is because mentorship takes time and effort, and for most people, paying a mentor is a luxery they can't afford.

So I started this network to solve this in a couple ways:

- Standardized Rules of Engagment
- An emphases on two-point involvement, namely: being mentored **and** mentoring.
- A short time period to promote continued growth and relationship building.

While this doesn't solve the issue of getting paid to mentor someone, I am hoping that the small chunks of commitment and agreed-to time frames will allow for an easier adoption of the process.

Bottom line: **we all wish we had mentors when we started. So let's change that for others**.

### Contribute
If you think this system could work better and more elegantly, feel free to [submit a PR](https://github.com/cjkoepke/code-mentors/pulls) to suggest updates to this doc (rules, how to join, etc). This is an experiment so I'm always open to improvements.

### Rules
The rules of the network are simple and straight-forward:

- Mentorships last 4 months, **no more, no less**.
- You must have a GitHub profile with publicly viewable code.
- The conditions of the mentorship are setup privately between the mentor and mentee (no format required).
- The mentor has complete say in who they mentor, and is not required to accept mentorship submissions.
- While not enforcable, a mentee should become a mentor at some point in the process — whether that be during their mentorship or after. The point is to progagate the network and build a pool of available mentors.

### Become a Mentee
Becoming a mentee requires first that you agree to the [rules](#rules), and then:

- See the [master list of mentors](https://github.com/cjkoepke/code-mentors/#network-list) in the network.
- If one of the mentors stands out and is listed as *open*, click the link to find out more about them.
- If you would like them to mentor you, post a comment suggesting why you would appreciate their time as a mentor (**don't** make this a bragging session. You are simply letting this person know that you'd love to have them as a mentor. It is up to them to determine if you'd be a good mentee).
- If they reach out to you, great!

### Become a Mentor
Becoming a mentor requires first that you agree to the [rules](#rules), and then:

- [Submit an issue](https://github.com/cjkoepke/code-mentors/issues) and fill out the template.
- Once added, I will list you on the master network list, as well as tweet that you're looking for a mentee.
- Connect with mentees on the issue and choose one to mentor for 4 months.
- Once you have a mentee, tag me (@cjkoepke) to list you as closed.
- After the 4 months are over, either choose someone else on your issue, or tag me again to label you as open.

## Network List
- Calvin Koepke (Closed)
- Tim Jensen (Closed)
